{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red144\green1\blue18;\red107\green0\blue1;\red220\green0\blue5;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c63922\c8235\c8235;\cssrgb\c50196\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c89804\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs70 \cf0   Enable Bootstrap for React App\
  1. Install following libraries into project from terminal\
\
			
\f1\b0 > npm  install   bootstrap   bootstrap-icons --save\
\
   
\f0\b 2. Link following files to \'93main.jsx\'94\
\
		
\f1\b0 import   \'93../node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.css\'94;\
		import  \'93../node_modules/bootstrap-icons/font/bootstrap-icons.css\'94;\
		import  \'93../node_modules/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.js\'94;\
\
    
\f0\b 3. You can use bootstrap classes and components from any location\
		 in project.\
\

\f1\b0 		Syntax: Classes \
\
						<div className=\'93alert alert-warning\'94>\
						<input className=\'93form-control\'94>\
						<button className=\'93btn btn-warning\'94>\
\
		 Syntax: Dynamic Attributes\
						   data-bs-target\
						   data-bs-toggle \
						   data-bs-dismiss\
		\
						   <button data-bs-dismiss=\'93alert\'94> Close </button>\
\
 Ex: login.jsx\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs46 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 import\cf0 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 './login.css'\cf0 \strokec4 ;\cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 export\cf0 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 function\cf0 \strokec4  Login()\{\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 return\cf0 \strokec4 (\cb1 \
\cb3         \cf6 \strokec6 <div\cf0 \strokec4  \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 className\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 =\cf5 \strokec5 'login-container'\cf6 \strokec6 >\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3             \cf6 \strokec6 <form\cf0 \strokec4  \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 className\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 =\cf5 \strokec5 'form-container alert alert-dismissible alert-warning p-3 w-25'\cf6 \strokec6 >\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3             \cf6 \strokec6 <h3\cf0 \strokec4  \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 className\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 =\cf5 \strokec5 'bi bi-person-circle'\cf6 \strokec6 >\cf0 \strokec4  User Login\cf6 \strokec6 </h3>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3             \cf6 \strokec6 <button\cf0 \strokec4  \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 data-bs-dismiss\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 =\cf5 \strokec5 "alert"\cf0 \strokec4  \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 className\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 =\cf5 \strokec5 'btn btn-close'\cf6 \strokec6 ></button>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3             \cf6 \strokec6 <dl>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3                 \cf6 \strokec6 <dt>\cf0 \strokec4 User Name\cf6 \strokec6 </dt>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3                 \cf6 \strokec6 <dd><input\cf0 \strokec4  \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 type\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 =\cf5 \strokec5 "text"\cf0 \strokec4  \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 className\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 =\cf5 \strokec5 'form-control'\cf0 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 /></dd>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3                 \cf6 \strokec6 <dt>\cf0 \strokec4 Password\cf6 \strokec6 </dt>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3                 \cf6 \strokec6 <dd><input\cf0 \strokec4  \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 type\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 =\cf5 \strokec5 "password"\cf0 \strokec4  \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 className\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 =\cf5 \strokec5 'form-control'\cf0 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 /></dd>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3             \cf6 \strokec6 </dl>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3             \cf6 \strokec6 <button\cf0 \strokec4  \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 className\cf0 \cb3 \strokec4 =\cf5 \strokec5 'btn btn-warning w-100'\cf6 \strokec6 >\cf0 \strokec4 Login\cf6 \strokec6 </button>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3         \cf6 \strokec6 </form>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3         \cf6 \strokec6 </div>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3     )\cb1 \
\cb3 \}\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs70 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		
\f0\b Note: To get ideas about page designs you can try \'93Google Stitch\'94.
\f1\b0 \
					http://stitch.withgoogle.com\
\
					- Go to Web category and give following prompts\
\
								- Create a shopping home page\
								- Navbar at top with brand name, search bar & social icons.\
								- Features products in cards with 4 x 4 at section area.\
								- Footer with contact and services.\
\
\
											
\f0\b React Data Binding\
  	
\f1\b0 - Data Binding is a technique of accessing data from source and updating \
	  into UI elements. It can identify the changes in UI and update back into 	  source.\
	- Javascript requires lot of DOM methods for data binding. \
	- React can bind by using a binding expression \'93\{ \}\'94.\
\
	Syntax:\
				var name = \'93John\'94;\
				<p> Hello ! \{name\} </p>\
				<input type=\'93text\'94 value=\{name\} />\
\
	- React supports 
\f0\b One-Way-Binding 
\f1\b0 implicitly. \
	- It can bind the data with UI elements but will not allow to change. \
	- 
\f0\b Two-Way-Binding 
\f1\b0 requires explicit implementation.\
\

\f0\b 	Handling Data for component:\
	
\f1\b0 - React application uses 
\f0\b \'93http\'94 
\f1\b0 as protocol.	- Http is a \'93
\f0\b State-less\'94 
\f1\b0 protocol. \
	- It can\'92t remember data between requests. \
	- Hence is not recommended to store data using variables for a component. \
\
					var name = \'93John\'94;      // not good for component\
\
	- Every component has a local state. It is created while creating component. \
	- You can use local state to store data for component. \
	- Local state of component can be accessed by using 
\f0\b \'93useState()\'94 
\f1\b0 hook. \
	- Hook is a predefined business logic. It is a service.\
	- Server follows 
\f0\b Single Ton 
\f1\b0 pattern. \
\
	
\f0\b useState()\
		
\f1\b0 - It is hook provided by react to access the local state of component.\
		- It returns a getter and setter.\
		- Getter is used to read and return value from state.\
		- Setter is used to assign a new value into state. \
\
				const [ getter, setter ] = useState(anyValue);\
\
				[ getter, setter ]   => It is de-structure declaration. \
\
		
\f0\b FAQ\'92s:\
			
\f1\b0 1. Can we configure state using var & let keywords ?\
			A. Yes. But not recommended. \
\
			2. Why you are using \'93const\'94 for state?\
			A. State must be initialized and used, It should not allow declaration and\
				 assignment. \
			 	 If we configure state with var & let then they allow declaration & 				 assignment, which is not good for state.\
\

\f0\b 			
\f1\b0 3. If you configure using \'93const\'94 then how you can set a value?\
				[Const will not allow to assign]\
			A. We set value not by assignment, it is done by using initialization. \
\
				 const [price, setPrice] = useState(40);\
				 setPrice = 50;       // invalid - assignment to const not allowed \
				 setPrice(50);         // valid \
\
			
\f0\b \
\
\
\
\
\

\f1\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}